# Time Sheet Application

Essentially, a re-skin of the thing right here: [http://www-dave.cs.uiuc.edu/hours.html](http://www-dave.cs.uiuc.edu/hours.html).

I wanted to use the power of design-systems such as Grommet, as well as other advances such as time-fields to make the device much easier to use on mobile. Specifically:

1. The user shouldn't need to enter the time by text. There is now an input type="time" ([can-i-use stats](https://caniuse.com/#search=time%20input))
2. It should be more legible in mobile. Single-column helps here, or at least media queries.
3. Limitations such as >12h workshifts or a limited number of days in a work week need to be squashed. We should gun for extendability.



# TODO

- [ ] Build single time record componet as text field
- [ ] Capture start and end times on onBlur event
- [ ] Validate accurate times
- [ ] Provide fallback if browser is safari




## Component and Library Layout

### Directories

Each of these directories are of a single depth.

| Directory    | Description                                         |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------- |
| `components` | All visual components                               |
| `helpers`    | Immutable JS functions                              |
| `lib`        | All JS tools that aren't immutable helper functions |


### Special Files

| File Name         | Description                                         |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| theme.js          | Theme information for grommet and styled components |
| App.css           | All CSS for all core DOM elements                   |
| .eslintrc         | Instructions for linting rules                      |
| .eslintignore     | Where to ignore the linting rules entirely          |
| .prettierrc       | Configuration instructions for autoformat rules     |
| .serviceWorker.js | Autogenerated file by CRA that assists with PWAs    |

## Styling

- App.css for global rules of HTML elements
    - 1rem = 10px by default
    - Most defaults will be pulled from the design system.
- [Grommet](https://https://v2.grommet.io) for abstract primitives (Box, Form, FormField, etc)
- [Styled Components](https://www.styled-components.com/) for styling at the component-level.

## Testing

Testing is built using both React Enzyme, Jest and is controlled at the test level using [@testing-library/react](https://testing-library.com/docs). Testing in the components takes place in component directories.  Integration testing is better than testing, behaviour (ie what does the container do when it loads; how many times does it make a network request) is better than Unit behaviour testing (when the props are of a certain type, what colour does it show).

## Linting and Code Formatting (Static Testing)

Linting is based on a subset of AirBNB's style guide and internal best practices. The outcome of this combination is still yet to be confirmed. If a lint setting is generally preventing you from accomplishing your goals, talk with the team in #guild-frontend. Either you're too invested in an antipattern, or we have a linter setting that needs to change.

If a linter setting is in conflict with the autoformatter (Prettier), we will opt for the autoformatter. When we build code, we should keep our focus on the content, not the format.
